alrighty. All right. Good evening, everybody. I can see the excitement and
thrill in your faces. Yeah, that joke. Okay, so welcome to, um, at a base security.
I wanted to go over a couple of things, so I often look at data breach today.
If you've ever looked at the site, um, they did a tally. We're only, like, three weeks
since for the, uh, New year. And most of the cases under investigation, uh, for data
bridge, database breach and data fast involved email. So they're getting fish.
So So that's kind of an interesting thing Where? You know, Children's hope, alliance of care provider, acting incident, the email. Most of it's going still through e mail. Um, even today, um, with all people, you know, be careful what you cook. Um, still get a lot of email hacking, and you're getting into databases that way. Look at the current notice. A dashboard. I have access to a threat to connect current incident happening that I get feeds from. And you can take a look at some of the reports. They've got at least 100 and 6000 different email. Try, um, now are tracking about 104,000 fishing incidents going on. Still got Mariah going on. Everybody remember what this is, if I ever do I Oh, I see t devices is the famous one that they infected. Cameras with code was released by someone known individual to protect themselves anyways, but, um, they they still have that infection going around. The code is still being used. Got about 100 and 18,000 downloaded Mauer infections and answer so forth. These are all common community ones that are going on. So we talk about security is still a lot to be, uh, looked at from overall. Not just that. I also, uh, I wanted you to know. So if you probably seen this, I'm gonna pull up something that Cisco made a couple of years ago to kind of illustrate all after what happened, how they would get into a company and how they would access to the guy. This is Francisco. Come. It's actually realistic. This happen more often than you think. Um, but it's, you know, it's, um, people involved there for six dishes, but it illustrates a couple of points and do things a hauling attack would happen. Okay, so it's only a four minute video. Sit back. Relax. Hopefully it'll play through your speakers, okay? Trying. Okay. Well, I'm not really sure, but he's actually stays up all night, right? Not bad. Mark before. Consider this job lazy. Certain to figure out I care about You don't understand. I get it from the bails. Either their people try. I good. I completely believable. Have someone familiar. Message is important, but their company signature fitness. What about the amount there are road cold? I'm not need any. My, my. I need to get a bunch of people to click on that. I don't know what it's like in the whole thing on falls on there. And what about the game? We need to